1. beginner level
2. intermediate
3. advanced

Node JS
HTML DOM

JavaScript: 
a. scripting (programming) language
b. dynamic language: as such there is no separate compilation of JS, so validity of any opeartion that you perform on a value, is not checked earlier. it is done when the JS code is running in the browser (being executed by JS engine, when the JS file is loaded in the browser along with HTML file). JS does not provide any static type checking.
c. loosely typed language (we never use aby strict data typing policy here, always use var keyword to declare variable)
d. object-based programming language

W3C
ECMAScript: guideline language
ES3, ES5, ES6 (2015), ES7

fire an event (load, click, selection,...)
let's the code get to be executed

anything happens as a response to an event in web apps
event-driven programming model

control/element 	event 		property to pass a function
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
h2			mouseover	onmouseover
button			click		onclick

E			x		onx

JS engine names:
chrome: V8
firefox: spidermonkey
safari: JavaScriptCore (ex: Nitro)

In JS , though we have data types like any other programming language, but in JS we never strictly mention the data type, while declaring the variable to store particular type of value. It's always var keyword.

in JS there is no separate character and string type. you can use single or double quotes to store string.

in JS you don't need to use a line terminator (;) to end the line. if you use, no issues even.

TypeScript: 
a. a superset of JS
b. it provides static type checking
c. it provides facility to declare strictly  typed variables

a. data types
b. operators
c. expressions and statement

file: main method
rest of the files:

a. modular concept in JS
b. difference between expression and declaration of function in JS

Tasks:
create an application with a single HTML file (index.html), along with necessary JS files
link the JS files with HTML file
task-1:
a. create an array in JS storing values from 0 to 9 in random manner
b. sort the array based on choice: ascending or choice: descending
array in JS has a built-in method for sorting. DO NOT USE THAT.

task-2:
a. create 4 methods: add, subtract, multiply and divide in a file (utils.js). all 4 methods accepts 2 arguments of type number and returns a value of type number
b. create another file (index.js) from where you can call those functions, based on choice (1/2/3/4)

data type of arguments in a function: anything => number, string, boolean, an object, an array etc.


